27180 css nesting (#28920)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_selectors/selectors_and_combinators/index.md

{{EmbedLiveSample("Combinators", "100%", 300)}}

### Creating complex selectors with CSS nesting

> All of the above combinators can be created by using [CSS nesting](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_nesting). This can be done with or without the [`&` nesting selector](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Nesting_selector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above complex selectors can also be defined using simple selectors, combinators, and [CSS nesting](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_nesting), with or without the [`&` nesting selector](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Nesting_selector).
```
